Approaches: tweaks (#525)
exercism/julia: exercises/practice/pangram/.approaches/introduction.md

⊆ can be entered at the Julia repl as `\subseteq` followed by tab. It's the infix operator for the `issubset` function.

## Approach: using currying

This approach uses function currying, which may look strange at first, but is very convenient for predicates like `in`.

```julia
ispangram1(input) = all(in(lowercase(input)), 'a':'z')
```

## Approach: use an anonymous function

> The second uses an anonymous function and avoids taking a copy of the input to reduce memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach uses an anonymous function and uppercases the character rather than the string to avoid making a copy of the input.
```

```julia
ispangram2(input) = all(c -> in(c, input) || in(uppercase(c), input), 'a':'z')
```

> ## Approach: bitwise tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Approach: marking bytes
```

Kinda bikesheddy, but I like that this and "counting bytes" have similar names because they're related approaches.
